# CART253-2023
This is my course repository for CART 253

At the beginning of this class, I had very little to zero knowledge about coding using p5.js. I had worked with making webpages and simple codes, mainly focusing on the aesthetic rather than on it being user-interactive. So, the first day I walked into this class, I was actually questioning whether I had made the right decision because the "drawing an alien" activity was very complex for me. I didn't really know how to place the figures in the proper position or do more abstract figures therefore, I was a bit frustrated. But as the days passed and we kept learning about new things to do and different ways to upgrade our codes, everything started making sense. I learned how to incorporate sound, deal with the width and height to accommodate the position, draw figures, debug the code, and so much more. In the end, I learned how to have fun with my code, watch my ideas come to life, and enjoy playing the little activities each week. 

As I'm working on my final project, even if I still run into mistakes and sometimes feel stuck, I manage to pull through. So many resources were available for this class that helped ease my learning process. I also struggled to keep up with the GitHub commits and the code description because I was not used to doing this, and even if I'm still not the best, I've been trying to improve. Anyways, looking back at the different activities, you can identify the improvements just by seeing the visual aspect of them. I'm happy I was able to work on the interactive features, which are necessary for game development, the implementation of sounds, the proper way to use loops and arrays, and calling functions. 
